right this is the JSF PFS call career
yeah we're Team two new member so I
guess like if it's call today David is
away on thoughts of its dignified choir
it's also a way for some other things as
well so I will be leading this call but
before we started to do need to have a
note taker and he hands up anyone I'm
actually doing other things right now so
i can't i can't take those I can't sorry
I'm scrambling to open up the page do
solo show me so let's see if you have
the notes ready ever yeah okay so first
on the agenda do we have any more agenda
items that people want to add feel free
to voice your concerns if someone wants
to bring something up we do have a lot
of other things on the again but
otherwise alright so let's let's get
started first we have the the async
crypto has been March whoo finally
that's freedom and David have been
working super hard on so now jay
sacrifice is supposedly working in the
processor in a way easy way there is
some performance things that freedom is
working on as well but is moving forward
secondly we do have the data that hard
was talking about in the previous call
as long and David have puts bunch of
different issues and how does warm
would be nice to have in preparation of
dis events there are some one my stone
which is about having QuickStart
examples that we already got a bit
started with thanks to move to sink the
atom this quick start but we do need to
our board of notation and I do think
that suddenly is leading this effort
with the jsf give us and if you want to
contribute nerve we will be very good we
do have the second issue die slings
issue 5 56 which is about improving the
idiots how we can make starting a gas I
PFS node a bit easier right now it
requires a bit of setup with red bone
and calling different methods to get
everything set up we do want to make it
easier so if you do have feedback on
dots will be good as well thirdly we
have a mother another milestone which is
about documentation trying to document
all the modules that we have around in
chemistry plan figure is reading this
task and it's basically about adding a
reed made for the modules and figuring
out how they work and making it easy for
other people to use it slow you
something else that will be nice to have
for the the job back fourth we have the
issue 128 which is example about just
being able to know the video using JSI
gfs and to be able to seek it and post
it and everything and having some some
nice example and I do think that the
rest of the the rest of the issues
linked as well are also examples on how
we can do different things using JSON
as a gas I confess ap is wrong so
basically what we do want to have in
preparation for the data is a bunch of
examples and more documentation that we
always need very especially for the
other part where we expect bunch of
people to start using idea first to
build their applications so any comments
about these issues that we've been
talking about so far all right breann
you do have another issue with the pi-pd
gag issue number four which is something
that had a free though I think I've been
working on and there is a pool quest
together with us as well to basically
make it enjoy immutable class so we pass
around rockets that you cannot change
something that we also need to make it
more easy to use and to make it less
confusing for people using or JavaScript
implementation of I prefers and the
general states of things so when it
comes to Gaius IP of firsts and and gas
I PFS ABI boggling there have been some
work on the async ripped of things that
we has been merged and check now there
are still apparently some browser
complicity issues left but we were still
talking but in general is moving forward
we were trying to get on the wrist is
huge lists see if I can link it in the
shots
when we have a list of things that are
missing seems to be mostly done so i'm
guessing that or promise processing
capability should be there but i'm
afraid of giving some excites accept
answer to them the documentation already
talked about with a's in crypto that has
been merged freedom is continuing to
work on it more quick start examples
basically things we already went through
and let's see so we have the waffle
let's see if I can share my screen for
this see your screen I am guessing that
you can see my screen on thumbs up if
it's working
it's all right so because a lot of stuff
in general muffle see if I can funeral
what it is the bundling has been been
finished this time which also was
related to guess I PFS not working the
browsers which is confirmed word now
finally friggin and we did have
something coming bugs that in general we
already had issues about and that's it
for this week moving to the done column
we do have a couple of progress in
progress mostly we have this Shawna's
testing which is kind of neglected at
this point from preschool that we have
to take a look at and review his changes
to make it more stable and to bring
their own culpability between go I
papers and the chaos on campus we have
the inners that we talked about there is
in progress we're also talking about
some of the the exposed interfaces and
promises versus callbacks and streams vs
pooh streams and I'll sink your ways to
deal with JavaScript veins or your
inputs would be very welcome here it's
simple as we have there is new we have
something
things with case I've ever said be I've
me earth I think that's it that's we do
have some new things in ready columnist
warm option to spawn demons using
blogging stop binary this is something
that I think hard was working working on
I think this is already yeah it's
already working effects should be done
and we will be moving and more bugs I to
be honest I'm not sure how useful it is
for us to scan through the entire entire
waffle when half of the joyous team is
not here not sure how valuable it will
be to differ probably be better off
without Jana uh yeah I don't know that I
mean if the main point of looking
through this the waffle board like this
is so that people can call out what
they're working on and hear what each
other are working on so most of the team
is not around and yeah I know I briefly
normal what's new I cannot tell server
for exactly what's David um and the rest
of the team isn't working i dunno that's
my my pending task which should be here
somewhere I haven't moved for been doing
other things um but that's can I it for
the warm stuff done so let's move on
with the next agenda item in stock
let's see other things can we get this
in so we have a issue that they get baby
was nice enough to prepare us a whole
list of things to root through ah we
have the benchmark that freedom is
working on it should be done we have
some dependencies and other issues that
was missing the hardened fixed now so
this is something that we working on on
this coming week figure we'll take a
look that's for this week and working on
a fork of no sea world will started
dignified fix so we have which was here
about the first one is about the
processing capability that we're still
trying to make long to live and the the
second one the issue 23 is about the
performance which Frieda have been
working on a small which he improved the
performance almost we're getting better
and the third one would be to make
consistency so in seaboard we are always
producing the same the same opiates so
this is worth that frito-lay's is
working on that we're trying to together
as well so that is basically going
through what what happened the previous
week and what we want to try to achieve
this week mostly in preparation for four
da back but also in general for the
developer experience trying to add some
examples and documentation and finally
closing down the asian asian crypt of
things and that's it's from from the
agenda that's when
is there something else that someone
else wants to bring up okay okay then I
think we are pretty much done for the
jsr give us at least less nothing I had
some questions about the state of the
browser yeah go ahead I what I would try
to do my best to answer it well mostly
I'm not familiar what the state was
beforehand I see that we like the crypto
PR was open to that one has one pending
PR but is that ready ready youth so it
does seem to be that we do have a few
outstanding issues to have one hundred
percent browser capability they're
supposedly the ace in crypto stuff have
been merged I am Not sure that we have
actually done extensive testing around
this to make sure it's working in the
browser the work has been done that we
that we thought was required to actually
have it working the browser I haven't
tested it personally I cannot say with
one other person cavity that is working
in the browser but supposedly is working
in the process right cool i'll take it
out for a test drive yeah please do an
open up a shoe for anything you for
anything you see the the more issues we
can find out the power cool all right so
then i will close this meeting and i
will thank you for the time it was a
very short with meeting but if you have
anything open up an issue if something
comes up otherwise side thank you so
much for your time and see your own
thanks Joe thanks Victor